# Part 8: Prepare for Trouble

The last stop on your voyage is Wilde, an isolated island several hundred miles of the coast of the continent. A last artifact to collect and you reach home. As your disembark from your raft, you notice that there are giant footprints in the sand all around you. The island is inhabited by giant monsters, who, in the absence of any natural predators and a favourable ecosystem, had evolved into powerful, invincible beasts.

One of these creatures notices you and the Protagonist on the seashore, and comes rushing at you. The Protagonist, always headstrong, unsheathes her battleaxe and tries to attack the monster. But the giant is unaffected, forcing you to scurry back to your raft and move away from the shore.

As you find a safer landing spot, you see a temple. Anchoring your raft close to the temple, you begin reading the engravings on the pillars of the temple. The engravings state that these giants are the guardians of the artifact present on this island. Before finding the artifact, one must defeat these giants. In the central sanctorum of the temple, you notice a large [rectangular stone](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rosetta_Stone) with a bunch of text written on it. The engravings on the pillars state that the stone contains a spell which can be used to make the giants disappear. Each line on the stone has a certain number of words in it. The lines which contain the spell words are the lines which are squares of natural numbers. In each line, the word position corresponding to the line number is the spell word. For example, on line 46 the 46th word would be the spell word, if 46 is a square of a natural number. The words combined in ascending order, without commas but separated by a space, form the spell to vanquish the giants and secure the artifact.

Find the spell with the above information.